Who are you?
Gill, is this a friend of yours?
What are you talking about, Duke?
This is Alicia!
Alicia?
Never heard that name before.
Prince Duke... What in the world...?
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Villainess and the Prince
It's been a long time since
we had tea with you, Alicia.
Yes, it has.
Duke usually keeps you
to himself, after all.
Did something happen between you two?
Did you and Alicia have some
kind of lovers' quarrel?
Alicia? Who's that?
Huh?!
What are you talking about?
That's my line. Who are you talking about?
Wait, wait, wait! What
happened to you, Duke?
Why don't you remember Alicia?
It's not appropriate to talk about
people you don't know during tea.
Ali, what's going on?
I'm not really sure,
but it seems like Duke has
forgotten who she is.
What could have happened?
But you know, I'd forgotten, too...
how icy Duke's eyes could be.
What is this about?!
Alicia has to report to
the castle to stand trial?!
Why should Alicia be under suspicion
because Duke forgot her?!
I have no idea either,
but those were the words of
His Highness Duke himself.
Why would Duke do this?
I understand. I'll go to the castle.
Alicia!
I'll prove my innocence myself.
It's going to be rough.
I know.
I'll go with you.
I'll speak to His Majesty in person.
This way, Miss Williams.
His Majesty awaits.
Alicia...
It's all right, Father.
Having so much going on has
actually calmed me down.
Who benefits from setting a trap
like this and throwing me into it?
And involving Prince Duke,
the next king, in all this...
Arnold...
This isn't something Liz
or her followers could do.
It's too elaborate to be
someone just bullying me.
I'll face capital punishment at this rate.
I won't be allowed to exist in this kingdom.
But you know what? Too bad for you.
Being exiled from this kingdom
is just what I want!
I bet whoever set this trap for me
had no idea that I actually
wanted to be exiled.
We've been waiting for you, Alicia Williams.
With His Highness Duke present as witness,
we will now begin your trial.
Answer all questions honestly.
I will.
Still, even though this is my chance,
it bugs me to just play into
the hands of whoever did this.
You are under suspicion of casting
memory-erasing magic on Prince Duke.
Oh, I get it.
It's magic. That's why he only forgot me.
Wait, magic?
We have evidence.
Mel.
Why Mel?
My research revealed
that there is high-level dark magic
that can control people's minds,
and that Alicia Williams is
the only one who has reached
a level high enough to use it.
It is also known
that she was with Prince Duke
at the castle last night.
I believe that is when she cast the spell.
This question is for you, Alicia Williams.
What were you doing with
the prince last night?
I can't tell him about that!
Grandpa Will's situation is to be kept secret
until the king makes an announcement!
I know Mel is aware of that.
So, why...
Oh. I get it.
It would seem you have no excuses to give.
Go ahead and exile me from this kingdom.
I can tell that you desperately
want to make me the villain here.
If you are so suspicious of me,
go ahead and punish me as you see fit.
Watch your tongue!
Do you have any idea what you're saying?
I do.
What's this about?
I'm returning that.
Good day to you, Prince Duke.
I am deeply grateful to you.
Alicia Williams,
you are hereby exiled from this kingdom.
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
It's the last one, huh?
Isn't it too soon for that?
Like, way too soon?!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
I want to see more of the story...
Like, really want to!
Did you hear?
Of course I did!
She's being exiled!
I knew she'd do something
terrible sooner or later.
It'll be a relief to have her gone.
I know Miss Alicia wouldn't hurt
anyone without a good reason.
True.
But she's good at keeping
her true intentions hidden.
So even though Ali's been exiled,
the Williams family isn't being punished.
Yeah.
Considering all the Williams
family's achievements thus far,
they're having her bear all
the responsibility herself.
Should we consider that generous?
I get why Albert and his brothers
haven't come to school,
but Liz has been absent
this whole time, too.
Did something happen?
A lot of things.
Duke hasn't been coming to school, either.
I heard that's because of
the liberation of Roana.
Yeah.
Removing the barrier surrounding the village
requires very high level water magic.
Duke is the only one capable of that,
so he's probably fine-tuning
his mana right now.
Duke's memories being erased,
Alicia being exiled,
Liz going into hiding,
the liberation of Roana...
So much is going on,
I'm worried we might be missing something.
So that's what happened to Alicia?
Isn't there some kind of
plant that boosts mana?
Huh? Well... no, there really isn't.
Why?
I feel bad now.
If I had boosted my mana a little more,
I wouldn't have fallen under Liz's spell,
and I could have faced both
Liz and Alicia properly.
There's no plant that increases one's mana,
but flowers have the
ability to soothe hearts.
If you feel bad, why not apologize to her?
Yeah.
What?
Why does Alicia have to be
exiled from the kingdom?
We've made so much progress toward
setting Roana free because of her.
Why does she have to be exiled
the very day of its liberation?
I don't understand any of it, either.
I asked her to at least take me with her,
but she refused.
Gill...
Grandpa Will, can't we
do anything about this?
It was the prince's decision.
We can't overturn it.
But that fact itself makes other things clear.
Liz?
What are you doing here?
You know perfectly well what.
I can't bear to see my rival walking
into a trap without even resisting!
I was shocked when Eric
told me about it today.
Ever since that day, I've been practicing
how to control my Charm magic.
And while I'm in the middle of that, you
get exiled? What's the meaning of this?!
Just wait! I'll find the one who did this!
I won't let anyone get away
with casting a spell on Duke!
I've mastered Charm magic now,
so making someone confess is—
Liz, please calm down.
I know who's behind all this.
Who?! Who is it?!
Prince Duke.
Huh?
What?!
Grandpa Will...
What does that mean?
Just think about it, and you'll understand.
It's not even possible for anyone
to cast a spell on Prince Duke.
Huh? Oh!
Duke has the greatest magical capacity
of anyone in the kingdom right now.
There's no one capable of casting a spell
on him that could give him amnesia.
In other words, Duke is just
pretending he's lost his memories.
Wh-Why would he do that?
So he could exile me, probably.
But why?!
I think he realized that I wanted
to be sent away from this kingdom.
My nephew has always been soft on Alicia.
Even the very first time she came to Roana,
he came to me in advance and
asked me to keep her safe.
He's clearing the path that
Alicia wants to follow.
That's why he's doing what he's doing.
He certainly did drag a lot of
people into it this time, though.
Does Alicia know that?
I'm sure she's caught on,
though she might not fully understand it.
I have nothing but gratitude
for Prince Duke.
When I get to Laval, I can figure
out why that wolf came here.
Wait, wait, wait!
So, you're saying Duke exiled
you from this kingdom
out of love for you?
Alicia, Duke confessed his feelings
for you recently, didn't he?
Did you answer him?
I...
Why do you run away from his love?
I'm not running away!
Being loved is such a
nice feeling, isn't it?
I'm sure it's easier to
keep your answer vague.
I know because I took it for granted, too.
But taking his feelings for
granted is hurting him.
No matter how long he says he'll wait,
withholding a clear answer when he
loves you enough to exile you...
Only a villainess would do that!
A villainess?
What Liz is talking about isn't
the kind of villainess I want to be.
Yes, as you've all said,
this was Prince Duke's idea,
but the king knows about it.
Even the king knows?!
The state of affairs in Laval has
always been a concern for him,
but choosing someone to deal
with it was difficult.
It would mean being exiled from here.
But still, why Alicia?
Precisely because she's Alicia.
Huh?
Where is Alicia?
With Gill.
Would you give this to Prince Duke for me?
What is it?
A letter to thank him and tell him
that I can't return his feelings.
You're shooting him down?!
But he granted your wish for you!
Yes, and I'm grateful.
But I want to make my dream come true.
And these feelings stand
in the way of that.
So I have to get rid of them.
Are you getting rid of me, too?
You don't need me in order to
make your dream come true?
I'll work harder!
Please don't leave me alone!
Gill, don't worry.
We're both working toward the same place.
So I know we'll meet again.
The same place?
The top!
Okay.
I'll show everyone that commoners
are just as good as nobles!
That's the spirit!
I know you'll be on the path I need to take.
Yeah! Wait for me!
And keep an eye on Liz, too.
I'm taking a break as her
watcher, but I'm still worried.
Okay.
I'll make her worthy of being your rival.
Well, I look forward to that!
So make sure you come back alive.
I will.
You don't need to be bound under my watch.
Huh? But...
His Highness has ordered me to
transport you with utmost care.
I see.
I'll begin now.
Alicia, there's still time.
You don't have to go to Laval.
You can hide in some quiet
corner of our domain.
I'm sorry for causing you such concern.
But this is who I am.
I know you'll be fine. Your
mother believes in you.
Thank you, Mother.
The fog...
Look! The sky!
So this is sunlight...
Roana is free.
Hey, Prince!
Forget about us! Shouldn't
you go to Alicia?!
We're almost at the border.
I wonder if Roana is free yet.
What happened?
Du—
You're...
My name is Liz.
I can use water magic,
so I helped the prince.
What? Where's the prince, then?
He took off instantly with
teleportation magic.
I wanted to see her one last time,
too, but he told me to hold it in!
He fulfilled his duty as prince.
For a man in love, he endured well.
Brother.
Luke...
Alicia, I'm sorry.
This was the only way I could
think of to get you to Laval.
But...
there will never come a day
when I forget about you.
I've been chasing my dream all this time.
I poured all my time into it.
If I hadn't, my dream would never come true.
So I don't have time for love right now.
No one can survive on love
or romance alone, anyway.
Still... it's just too unfair,
using force to teach me that no one survives
on dreams and ambitions alone, either.
Alicia?
You don't need to apologize.
You've given me the gift
of a prince's favor.
Wait for me. The next time we meet,
I'll be a villainess capable
of charming you even more.
Why only Alicia?
That is her fate.
It can't be...
The one that governs this kingdom's fate?!
It bloomed for just one night
when Alicia was seven,
and I took care to preserve it.
She has matured drastically since then.
Don't you think it must be fate?
Why didn't you tell me about this before?!
If you knew, would you have been able
to support her without restraint?
Er... well, I...
If all I could do was cheer her on,
I felt the least I could
do was respect her wishes.
I swear I'll come for you.
Can you hold out until then?
This is me you're talking to.
Good point.
This will be my first
letter from you, right?
I'm going to frame it.
No, no! Just throw it away
after Gill gives it to you!
Nope.
Beyond here is the nation of Laval.
Be careful.
Come to think of it, Alicia
gets exiled in her true route.
So in a way, this is still
following the script?
Still...
I'll take on any hardships
that may await me.
If you wait for me like a good boy,
you might just get a reward.
You're such an evil woman.
Oh, you didn't realize?
After all, I'm going to be...
a villainess who goes down in history!
I'll Become a Villainess Who Goes Down in History